we go as mario leguizamón told him of everything still a soccer judge punish him
vs of salary and in addition it will have to happen by commission of justice the bad thing is that
this commission of justice has as
maximum antecedent of physical aggression to a referee eight dates therefore
lag around there can be
another of the robberies
the advance that does not hurt tomorrow
In Rome the next morning match started the fire
and well he took advantage publicly or unpublished films hard
at the time of
but I never could
I think that party lan
there were many readings
the fact by the players and
Well, it was my turn to be yesterday, it was an expatriate, what you said
really their apologies add a dough to add insult to injury
the institution will only apply an economic sanction
there was no firm pronouncement from the leadership
the consequence I do not know
I do not think it happens on Sunday
nico rosberg in san pedro
bruno did not rectify and china now on whether the children
it seems that luxury yachts difficult to control their law
I heard it as it qualifies Peruvian soccer
is a reality
in the background soccer
but when he goes to a world
as to if they do not win anything gives me true
I do not know what
that one and says that because it is that the reality the discontent I alone you
And the first thing to kill your country is a boy yes the goal of bilic maradona
who was buried later we've seen them have points and
rubalcaba
and if you think so
either acting in our medium just contract
in another part kaká christian
silvia kings the judge assaulted verbally
answer innocent apologies
so that hero
never like powder
this sentence is unacceptable that the steering wheel of the san martín
the quick response is unfeasible
quito wants to know
the Uruguayan flyer
he lent his name to the family with the area
since why easy
and percent and throw any barbarity
who can come to say that he counted
it is already very easy to carry on the game since the match began on
study which and annoying the phrase that has a
eekhout they were finding from the women according to transcended the picture
white will be fine with one month's salary at the wheel
insist on going
until the justice commission the federation to apply the
construction services
was to attend a greater penalty
asks to apply for the resolution 0 10 euros
Of course the forex market also went to talk first with the commission of
referees
leader in the network
what sanctioner anyway
it was heard yesterday that mario leguizamón would not continue in Peruvian soccer
there would be an offer
and unequaled on the part of European football said yesterday alvaro boat
salaried the stop is easy task
chain
either because they are essentially a road band can be many things
but we lacked to respect the unam kick in italy so macho and strandja
irrational nature now lopez how tight it is not immediately when
he doubted it for a while except for having charged a little
which was coming is little
Mónica Cabrejos is ready for the block of shows until Carlos
alberto manuel díaz this series of retamares all his daughter marta annoying
a bail
to all the women of Peru and the world I think this gentleman
this man must be sanctioned but really
so that a precedent remains because seen on several occasions that these
players believe that football is
even
I live for men
the retrograde mindset and comments like this one are wrong
the one that really
to be disowned by all you're telling me the truth hour limit for
form government sometimes I can not by lake that the judge shoot b
football game of the tables but has nothing to do on the track and that in
his opinion is not just one more opinion and his aesthetics in this world
there is nothing exclusive for men
6 when you believe that there is something exclusive you have to have capacity for those at home
that patota that the ball
I do not remember everyone never sentenced the archer when I was a girl
Pacho the lottery absolutely nothing to see the program
it's like saying the gore is about women we were in the wave program has
informed la vega oates facade
combined that ship is more love to his eta collaborator left the
full opinion of also left at birth to be made true ensures
because here it does not favor anything, it will help me win
will have to talk and able
the chemo contract of solar 20ts seemed to commit him but until tomorrow
attack the bbc that prepared for all Spain